docs/modules/ROOT/partials/README.adoc, before:

Training project to learn about Go and TDD. The usecase to help keep going is to automate some Jira tasks through a CLI and help speeding up recurring daily tasks.

image:{github-actions-url}/{job-ci}/{badge}[Github Badge, link={github-actions-url}/{job-ci}]
image:{github-actions-url}/{job-cd}/{badge}[Github Badge, link={github-actions-url}/{job-cd}]

* Github Repository -> {url-project}
* Documentation -> https://www.sommerfeld.io/docs/docker-images/{project-name}-docs/main
* Where to file issues -> {url-project}/issues

== Tag scheme
[cols="1,3", options="header"]
|===
|Tag |Description
|`v0.1.0` |A released version of the image. The most recent version is also available as `latest`.
|`latest` |The most recent released version.
|`v0.1.0-SNAPSHOT` |An unreleased version of the image. Only available by its version, not `latest` or any other tag.
|`ci` |Potentially unstable (nightly) build from the CI pipeline. Represents a work in progess.
|===

== About this project
Tron is a command line interface to automate tasks otherwise done through the Jira web interface. The project encapsulates the link:https://developer.atlassian.com/server/jira/platform/rest-apis[Jira Rest API] through a command line and provides simple ways to automate (or at least dramatically speed up) recurring tasks.

To develop and run the application you need a Linux environment with Docker installed. A local Go installation is not needed because everything related to go is delegated to a Docker container. Development takes place on Ubuntu.

=== About the project name
Tron is a security program from the 1982 American science fiction action-adventure film by same name, to monitor communications between the  Master Control Program (MCP) and the real world. He is the main digital protagonist of the first film. 

== How to use this project
To use this app and execute some commands against a Jira instance run this command:

[source, bash]
----
docker run --rm --network=host sommerfeldio/tron:latest --version
----

In case you want to access a Jira instance that is not running on your local machine, you need to update the `--baseUrl`. Plus you can probably omit the `--network=host` flag.

=== Local IDE Setup
For information on how to set up your local development environment, see link:https://www.sommerfeld.io/docs/projects/tron/main/index.html[IDE Setup] on www.sommerfeld.io.

== Risks and Technical Debts
Scale for Probability and Impact: Low, Medium and High

[cols="^1,2,5a,1,1,5a", options="header"]
|===
|# |Title |Description |Probability |Impact |Response
|{counter:usage} |- |- |- |- |-
|===

== Contact
Feel free to contact me via sebastian@sommerfeld.io or visit my website https://www.sommerfeld.io.

Commit message:

read config from a yaml file

docs/modules/ROOT/partials/README.adoc, after:

Training project to learn about Go and TDD. The usecase to help keep going is to automate some Jira tasks through a CLI and help speeding up recurring daily tasks.

image:{github-actions-url}/{job-ci}/{badge}[Github Badge, link={github-actions-url}/{job-ci}]
image:{github-actions-url}/{job-cd}/{badge}[Github Badge, link={github-actions-url}/{job-cd}]

* Github Repository -> {url-project}
* Documentation -> https://www.sommerfeld.io/docs/docker-images/{project-name}-docs/main
* Where to file issues -> {url-project}/issues

== Tag scheme
[cols="1,3", options="header"]
|===
|Tag |Description
|`v0.1.0` |A released version of the image. The most recent version is also available as `latest`.
|`latest` |The most recent released version.
|`v0.1.0-SNAPSHOT` |An unreleased version of the image. Only available by its version, not `latest` or any other tag.
|`ci` |Potentially unstable (nightly) build from the CI pipeline. Represents a work in progess.
|===

== About this project
Tron is a command line interface to automate tasks otherwise done through the Jira web interface. The project encapsulates the link:https://developer.atlassian.com/server/jira/platform/rest-apis[Jira Rest API] through a command line and provides simple ways to automate (or at least dramatically speed up) recurring tasks.

To develop and run the application you need a Linux environment with Docker installed. A local Go installation is not needed because everything related to go is delegated to a Docker container. Development takes place on Ubuntu.

=== About the project name
Tron is a security program from the 1982 American science fiction action-adventure film by same name, to monitor communications between the  Master Control Program (MCP) and the real world. He is the main digital protagonist of the first film. 

== How to use this project
To use this app and execute some commands against a Jira instance create a `tron.yml` file in the same directory from where you start the docker container. Commands that actually interact with a Jira instance rely on a valid config file.

[source, yaml]
----
---
# The url to your jira instance
baseUrl: http://localhost:8080
# Username and password of the user you use to query the Jira API
username: admin
password: admin
----

Since the password is part of the `tron.yml` file, it is not recommended to store the file in your repository. Make sure you handle your secrets properly.

To start the container, run one of these commands:

[source, bash]
----
docker run --rm --network=host sommerfeldio/tron:latest

docker run --rm --network=host sommerfeldio/tron:latest -- version

docker run --rm \
  --volume "$(pwd)/tron.yml:$(pwd)/tron.yml" \
  --workdir "$(pwd)" \
  --network=host \
  sommerfeldio/tron:latest config view
----

=== Local IDE Setup
For information on how to set up your local development environment, see link:https://www.sommerfeld.io/docs/projects/tron/main/index.html[IDE Setup] on www.sommerfeld.io.

== Risks and Technical Debts
Scale for Probability and Impact: Low, Medium and High

[cols="^1,2,5a,1,1,5a", options="header"]
|===
|# |Title |Description |Probability |Impact |Response
|{counter:usage} |- |- |- |- |-
|===

== Contact
Feel free to contact me via sebastian@sommerfeld.io or visit my website https://www.sommerfeld.io.
